## Page 1: SONU Band SoundHealth

**Source URL:** https://soundhealth.life/blogs/science/sonu-band

**Description:** SONU Band - Personalized Treatment for Nasal Congestion The SONU band emits resonant sound waves that relieve nasal congestion by reducing inflammation, increasing mucociliary clearance, and opening up the nasal airways. These sound waves are generated by the SONU app, which uses a smartphone facial scan combined with

**Content:**

Personalized Treatment for Nasal Congestion The SONU band emits resonant sound waves that relieve nasal congestion by reducing inflammation, increasing mucociliary clearance, and opening up the nasal airways. These sound waves are generated by the SONU app which uses a smartphone facial scan combined with advanced ML ( Machine Learning) technology to generate a personalized 3D facial map and calculate the user s optimal sino-nasal resonant frequencies. 3D facial map CT scan of sino-nasal cavities The SONU wearable band delivers this acoustic therapy in convenient, at-home treatment sessions to relieve nasal congestion caused by both allergic and non-allergic rhinitis. The Science Behind SONU The SONU band sound waves (that are specifically tuned to each person s unique facial geometry) gently vibrate the sinus and nasal cavities. The sound energy has the effect of soothing or down regulating certain autonomic nerves in the back of the nose and the forehead area above the eyes, sending signals to calm nasal congestion. At the same time, the vibrations help stimulate nerves in the nose to trigger vasoconstriction, reducing swelling and opening up the nasal passages. These sound waves also promote mucociliary clearance, or the natural sweeping action inside the nose tissue which aids in draining healthy mucus. The vibrations also help dilute dense, accumulated mucus through sonication, or breaking up the mucus into smaller particles The science is also backed up by rigorous research. In a clinical trial, 80 of SONU patients felt a dramatic improvement in their nasal congestion. ( Research )

---
