## Page 10: SoundHealth unveils SONUCast, the first-ever real-time personalized al

**Source URL:** https://soundhealth.life/blogs/press/soundhealth-unveils-sonucast-the-first-ever-real-time-personalized-allergy-forecast-based-on-facial-anatomy-and-air-quality

**Description:** SONUCast uses cutting-edge AI to predict nasal allergies based on the dimensions of a person s nasal cavity and sinuses, enabling allergy sufferers to get ahead of an attack SAN FRANCISCO Sept. 17, 2024 SoundHealth, Inc. ( SoundHealth ), a medical technology company harnessing the power of artificial intelligence a

**Content:**

SONUCast uses cutting-edge AI to predict nasal allergies based on the dimensions of a person s nasal cavity and sinuses, enabling allergy sufferers to get ahead of an attack SAN FRANCISCO Sept. 17, 2024 SoundHealth , Inc . ( SoundHealth ), a medical technology company harnessing the power of artificial intelligence and medical science to improve patient outcomes, today introduced the first-ever personalized allergy forecast based on a person s facial anatomy and their surrounding environment. The SoundHealth SONU app uses patented AI algorithms to scan a user s face and produce a real-time, personalized forecast of their allergy symptoms based on their location. SONUCast uses air quality data along with nasal anatomy and the physics of particle aerodynamics to warn the user of an impending allergy attack. SONUCast is unique in that it is paired with the world s first FDA-approved wearable to treat symptoms of allergic rhinitis, including nasal congestion, rhinorrhea (runny nose) and nasal itching, which occur when airborne particles are deposited in the nasal cavity. SoundHealth s proprietary AI ML algorithms can estimate internal sinonasal dimensions to within 5 of a CT-scan, and enables real-time computational modeling and the ability to predict an individual s nasal allergies. Once a user scans their face, they can simply select a location anywhere in the world, and SONUCast instantly provides them with a personalized allergy forecast. SONUCast s AI has been trained on data from thousands of human subjects and hundreds of CT scans, making it the first-ever AI to be used for allergy forecasting as well as for acoustic resonance therapy (ART). AI powers the FDA-approved SONU band to deliver a non-pharmaceutical ART treatment with no known side effects for rhinitis that is on par or better than nasal corticosteroids. SONUCast empowers patients to get ahead of their allergies, said Dr. Paramesh Gopi, founder and CEO, SoundHealth. Existing apps use an imprecise, one-size-fits-all approach. Our breakthrough AI and deep clinical science personalize predictions based on an individual s facial structure and are poised to transform patient care by empowering patients to take control of their allergies. With the SONU band and SONUCast, SoundHealth enables patients to potentially avoid allergy attacks with therapy that is FDA-approved and as effective as nasal steroids for the treatment of rhinitis. Jayakar Nayak, M.D., Ph.D., Associate Professor of Otolaryngology at Stanford Otolaryngology-Head Neck Surgery, added, Understanding the intricate relationship between facial and nasal anatomy is crucial to appreciate how allergy and congestion symptoms can both manifest. The unique structures within the nose and sinuses, from the turbinates to the septum, not only determine airflow but also influence how allergens are filtered and how congestion is experienced. Our nasal anatomy is the silent architect of respiratory health in many individuals, and can dictate how we respond to environmental triggers. SoundHealth s SONUCast represents a major step forward for patients as it can empower them to more effectively predict and therefore manage their nasal allergies. The data and clinical science behind SONUCast are quite groundbreaking, and may set a new standard for both prediction and treatment of nasal congestion due to allergies. About SoundHealth SoundHealth is a medical technology company that harnesses the power of artificial intelligence and medical science to improve respiratory health. The SoundHealth team consists of experienced medical professionals, data scientists and engineers who are passionate about improving healthcare. SoundHealth investors include Moai Capital, J4 Ventures, TeleSoft Partners, Tau Ventures, TechU Ventures, and Rhythm Venture Capital. For more information, visit https: soundhealth.life. Media Contact Jessica Shein PRforSoundHealth bospar.com Back to Press

---
