## Page 12: about SoundHealth

**Source URL:** https://soundhealth.life/pages/about

**Content:**

About Us SoundHealth is a medical technology company harnessing the power of artificial intelligence and medical science to improve respiratory health. The SoundHealth team consists of experienced medical professionals, data scientists and engineers who are passionate about improving healthcare. Our Story What began as Paramesh s personal journey to combat lifelong allergies has transformed itself into an enterprise to help humanity breathe better with no medication. Our stellar team with Paramesh and Stanford Physicians Peter Hwang and Bryant Lin, is excited to bring the world s first FDA De Novo approved AI wearable with the efficacy of a nasal spray to market. Built by a Team of Experts Led by a visionary team of scientists and industry veterans, SoundHealth is revolutionizing respiratory and sleep health with AI-powered vibrational sound therapy. Learn More Paramesh Gopi, PhD Founder CEO Bryant Lin, MD, MEng Founder Head of Clinical Affairs and Product Design Peter Hwang, MD Founder Head of Research Vivek Mohan VP, Product Development Engineering Michelle Freeman VP, Sales Business Development Venkatesh Perungulam VP, Infrastructure Technology Meet Our Medical Advisors Our Medical Advisory Board draws from thought leaders in the fields of medicine and science. Their expertise guides our innovation, ensuring our products have a significant clinical impact while safely and effectively improving patient outcomes. Learn More Benjamin Bleier, MD Harvard Medical School Amber Luong, MD, PhD UT Health Houston Clete A. Kushida, MD, PhD Stanford University School of Medicine Kari Nadeau, MD, PhD Harvard Medical School Robson Capasso, MD Stanford University School of Medicine Ash Khanwalkar, MD University of Colorado Medicine Backed by We are proud to be backed by top investors who bring deep expertise in the medical and consumer health industry.

---
