## Page 13: Meet SoundHealth s Team

**Source URL:** https://soundhealth.life/blogs/team/meet-soundhealth-s-team

**Description:** Dr. Paramesh Gopi Founder amp; CEO Dr. Paramesh Gopi is a seasoned serial entrepreneur and visionary business leader with extensive private and public company experience. He most recently spearheaded the turnaround of Applied MIcro (NASDAQ :AMCC) where he pioneered the development and deployment of ARM processors in C

**Content:**

Dr. Paramesh Gopi Founder CEO Dr. Paramesh Gopi is a seasoned serial entrepreneur and visionary business leader with extensive private and public company experience. He most recently spearheaded the turnaround of Applied MIcro (NASDAQ :AMCC) where he pioneered the development and deployment of ARM processors in Cloud Datacenters. Prior to APM, He started and grew Marvell s consumer business to over 0.5B by pioneering the use of wifi technology in consumer electronics which included Sony s playstation platforms and Apple s iPhone. Dr. Gopi has been named one of Bloomberg s top turnaround CEO s. Dr. Gopi earned his BS, MS and Ph.D from University of California Irvine, and was named one of its most distinguished alumni for his contributions to the field. Dr. Gopi is passionate about meditation, yoga and running. Dr. Bryant Lin, MD, MEng Founder Head of Clinical Affairs and Product Design Bryant Lin serves as Clinical Associate Professor of Medicine at Stanford where he has been a researcher, educator, and clinician for 16 years. He is an active entrepreneur, advisor and inventor with eleven issued patents and many more pending. Dr. Lin was a co-founder of Arrinex, a leader in the treatment of rhinitis, which was acquired by Stryker. In addition to his medical technology experience, he is Co-Director of the Center for Asian Health Research and Education (CARE) and Director of Medical Humanities and Arts. He received his undergraduate and masters degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT and his medical education and internal medicine training at Tufts. Prior to joining the faculty, Dr. Lin completed a Biodesign Fellowship and Cardiac Electrophysiology Research Fellowship at Stanford. Dr. Peter Hwang, MD Founder Head of Research Peter Hwang is an internationally renowned rhinologist and sinus surgeon. He completed his undergraduate degree at Stanford University, and his MD and otolaryngology residency at the University of California, San Francisco. After completing a fellowship in rhinology at the University of Pennsylvania, Dr. Hwang served as Director of Rhinology at Oregon Health Science University. He returned to Stanford in 2005 to lead the Division of Rhinology and Endoscopic Skull Base Surgery and currently serves as Vice Chair for the Department of Otolaryngology-Head Neck Surgery. Dr. Hwang has served in leadership of the American Rhinologic Society for over a decade, most recently as President of the society. A prolific researcher and author, Dr. Hwang teaches on the latest advances in therapies for disorders of the nose and sinuses at many national and international venues. Vivek Mohan VP, Product Development Engineering Vivek Mohan is an accomplished product and engineering leader with over 20 years of experience in the technology sector. Most recently, he oversaw the IoT product line at Ruckus Networks (acquired by CommScope), where he enabled the adoption of large-scale IoT systems at global enterprises. Before this, Vivek successfully managed and expanded Semtech s wireless business to exceed 100 million in revenue, facilitating the growth of low-power wide area networks with a thriving ecosystem of sensor manufacturers. Vivek also held key product and engineering roles at Silicon Labs and Marvell Semiconductors. In these capacities, he played a vital role in integrating cutting-edge wireless technology into highly successful products, including Apple s iPhone, Lutron Lighting Systems, and Sony s PlayStation. Vivek earned his MS in Electrical Engineering from the University of Southern California and is currently exploring practical applications of AI and ML to improve healthcare outcomes. Michelle Freeman VP, Sales Business Development Michelle is a seasoned professional in the early stage medical device industry, specializing in the successful launch of disruptive technologies across various medical specialties. In her most recent position, she played a key role in the integration of intersectENT (XENT) into Medtronic as the Regional Sales Director of the West. Michelle holds the distinction of being the inaugural sales representative hired in the Western US for XENT, where she spearheaded the clinical adoption of the first bioabsorbable drug-releasing implants within the Otolaryngology community, revolutionizing the treatment of sinus disease. Her impressive track record also includes sales positions at Acclarent (now part of Integra LifeSciences), Intuitive Surgical, and achieving President s Club recognition at multiple medical device and pharmaceutical companies. Venkatesh Perungulam VP, Infrastructure and Technology Back to Team

---
